This is the first trial of the programming 2 of Computer Networks,
I have no idea why do I type all these words right here. It may result from the truth that if I did not do this, there is no way to test the programs I wrote and I don’t want to find any articles online.
So, I simply type these words which do not mean anything at all. Alright, I admit, I just wanna type enough word to comfort myself.
Hi! I’m here again. Cause after several trials, the exited file can only be decided into 2 segments, which I think is not enough for me to test whether my program works good enough. So I force my self to write more and more words, trying to make it to 3 packets. Is it enough right now?
Ha Ha Ha! I’m back again.Since I wanna test more about my program, so I decided to add more words, more sentences and more nonsense into this file? I’m crazy? No, I’m just a little bit creepy.It seems that the amount of words has been enough for me to add another packets of 256 bytes. Let’s call it a stop here for now.
An attacker who is able to eavesdrop a TCP session and redirect packets can hijack a TCP connection. To do so, the attacker learns the sequence number from the ongoing communication and forges a false segment that looks like the next segment in the stream. Such a simple hijack can result in one packet being erroneously accepted at one end. When the receiving host acknowledges the extra segment to the other side of the connection, synchronization is lost. Hijacking might be combined with ARP or routing attacks that allow taking control of the packet flow, so as to get permanent control of the hijacked TCP connection.
An attacker who can eavesdrop and predict the size of the next packet to be sent can cause the receiver to accept a malicious payload without disrupting the existing connection. The attacker injects a malicious packet with the sequence number and a payload size of the next expected packet. When the legitimate packet is ultimately received, it is found to have the same sequence number and length as a packet already received and is silently dropped as a normal duplicate packet—the legitimate packet is "vetoed" by the malicious packet. Unlike in connection hijacking, the connection is never desynchronized and communication continues as normal after the malicious payload is accepted. TCP veto gives the attacker less control over the communication, but makes the attack particularly resistant to detection. The large increase in network traffic from the ACK storm is avoided. The only evidence to the receiver that something is amiss is a single duplicate packet, a normal occurrence in an IP network. The sender of the vetoed packet never sees any evidence of an attack.
Considerable confusion exists about the meanings of the SI (or metric) prefixes used with the unit byte, especially concerning the prefixes kilo (k or K), mega (M), and giga (G). Computer memory is designed in a binary architecture, multiples are expressed in powers of 2. In some fields of the software and computer hardware industries the SI-prefixed quantities of byte and bits are used with a meaning of binary multiples of powers, while producers of computer storage devices prefer strict adherence to SI multiples. For example, a computer disk drive capacity of 100 gigabytes is specified when the disk contains 93 gibibytes of storage space.

While the numerical difference between the decimal and binary interpretations is relatively small for the prefixes kilo and mega, it grows to over 20% for prefix yotta. The linear-log graph at right illustrates the difference versus storage size up to an exabyte.